(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm Peppa Pig. (SNORTS)
-This is my little
brother, George.
-(SNORTS)
-This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
-(SNORTS)
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
have come to the lake
to go boating.
Boats! Boats!
Get your boats here!
What sort of boats do you have,
Miss Rabbit?
I've got canoes!
Ooh! Let's have the canoe.
Hmm. You have to paddle a canoe.
That's hard work.
I've got sailing boats.
It's a bit tricky
to sail a sailing boat.
And I've got pedalos.
They look nice and relaxing.
Yes, they've got
a big paddle wheel
to make them go.
Let's have a pedalo.
(GIGGLING)
When I ring this bell
(BELL RINGS)
it's time to bring
the boat back.
Enjoy your boat trip.
It's not moving.
No. How do we start the engine?
(LAUGHS) You're the engine,
Daddy Pig. You have to pedal.
Oh, I see. Off we go, then.
-It's a bicycle on the water.
-(ALL LAUGHING)
♪ Riding in a pedalo ♪
♪ On the sunny lake ♪
♪ Daddy is the engine ♪
♪ And I hope
he doesn't break ♪
(ALL GIGGLE)
NARRATOR: Here are
Emily Elephant and her family.
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
We'd like a canoe, please.
Certainly.
NARRATOR: The Elephant family
like canoeing.
-Paddles ready?
-ALL: Yes, Daddy Elephant.
Then let's go!
Ahoy, there, Miss Rabbit.
NARRATOR: It is Danny Dog
and his dad, Captain Dog.
We'd like a boat, please.
Certainly. I have canoes,
sailing boats or pedalos.
I didn't sail the world
and make my fortune
to splash around in a pedalo.
We'll take the sailing boat.
Do you know how to work it?
Do I know how to work it?
I'm Captain Dog. Woof!
Come on, Danny. All aboard!
-Full sail!
-Aye-aye, Captain Dad.
(BOTH GIGGLE)
Hello. we're sailing.
We're canoeing.
We're pedaling.
(BOTH GIGGLE)
Look! An island.
-MUMMY PIG: We could go there
for our picnic.
-(PEPPA AND GEORGE CHEER)
(THUD)
-ALL: Oh!
-Quack, quack!
The island is a bit small
to have a picnic on.
We can have our picnic
in the boat.
Who'd like a sandwich?
-ALL: Me, please!
-Quack, quack!
Here's some bread, Mrs. Duck.
(BOTH GIGGLING)
NARRATOR:
Mrs. Duck loves picnics.
-(ALL CHOMPING)
-Everyone loves picnics.
(BELL RINGS)
Come in,
boats One, Two and Three!
Your time is up!
(RINGS BELL)
One, two and three.
That's us!
Let's see
who can get back first.
-We'll have a race.
-ALL: Yes!
Pedal faster, Daddy.
I'm not sure I can pedal
much faster.
Oh, Daddy Pig.
I'll do the pedaling.
Quicker, Mummy!
This is quite hard work,
isn't it?
Ah-ha! We'll be carried back
by the wind, Danny.
-Oh.
-What is it?
The wind has stopped.
NARRATOR: Without any wind,
the sailing boat cannot go.
We'll just have to wait
for the wind to pick up again.
How long will that take?
I don't know.
It could be weeks.
Can't we use the engine?
(CHUCKLING)
No, you don't have engines
on sailing boats, Danny.
Oh.
NARRATOR: The sailing boat
does have an engine.
-(ENGINE STARTS)
-Full sail!
Quack, quack!
NARRATOR: Emily and her family
are in the lead.
Pedal faster, Mummy!
(GROANS)
We're going to win the race.
(ALL GIGGLE)
NARRATOR: Here come Danny
and Captain Dog.
-Hooray! We win!
-(BOTH LAUGH)
That was exhausting. Next time
we'll take a sailing boat.
Yes. Sailing boats
have engines on them.
-(ENGINE STARTS)
-Daddy?
See you later, Danny.
I've decided to sail
around the world again.
But you said you were
going to stay home.
Oh, yes.
I'm not a sailor anymore.
But I do love
boating on the lake.
(CHUCKLES)
-(ALL LAUGH)
-NARRATOR: Everyone loves
boating on the lake.
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
are going for a drive.
(GIGGLING) I love our car!
Ho-ho!
And our car loves us, too!
-Don't you?
-(CAR HONKING)
-Stop!
-(TIRES SCREECHING)
NARRATOR: It is Mr. Bull
and his friends.
(BEEPING)
Digger! Digger! (GIGGLES)
NARRATOR: George likes diggers.
Hello, Mr. Bull! What's up?
We're digging up the road!
Will it take long?
It will take
as long as it takes!
(GRUNTING)
Lads! Let's smash up
this old pipe!
NARRATOR: Mr. Bull is good
at smashing things.
BOTH: Wow!
-(ALARM RINGING)
-Tea break!
- Oh, dear! Now we'll have
to wait even longer!
Why don't you join us,
Mummy Pig?
Plenty of tea to go around!
-That sounds lovely.
Thank you, Mr. Bull.
-(PEPPA AND GEORGE GIGGLE)
That's a nice teapot,
Mr. Bull.
Yes, Peppa. (SNIFFS)
It's made of delicate china.
NARRATOR: Mr. Bull likes
delicate china.
You have to be very,
very careful with china.
Why?
Because china can break
very easily.
(CLEARS THROAT)
That's why I always...
(PEPPA GASPS)
NARRATOR: Oh, dear!
Mr. Bull has smashed
the teapot to pieces.
Oh, no!
I put it down too hard!
I don't know my own strength!
Maybe we can fix it, boss.
I've got cement.
I've got a rivet gun.
It's not going
to work, lads.
I know!
Miss Rabbit has a china shop.
She could mend it!
Good idea, Mummy Pig!
We'll go right now.
Can I come, too?
We'll all go!
(PEPPA AND GEORGE GIGGLE)
(ENGINE TURNS ON)
NARRATOR: Mr. Bull is going
to the china shop.
This is Miss Rabbit's
china shop.
Here we are!
-(SHOP BELL RINGS)
-Hello. Can I help you?
-MR. BULL: Moo!
-(SCREAMS)
-(THUMPING)
-A bull in a china shop!
Hello, Miss Rabbit!
I have broken my china teapot.
-Oh, dear.
-Can you fix it?
Let's have a look.
Hmm, that's very broken.
I smashed it to bits!
Yes, but I think I can fix it.
-Oh, goody! Can we help?
-(SNORTS)
-Of course, Peppa.
-(GIGGLES)
Oh! These two pieces
fit together.
NARRATOR: Fixing the teapot
is a bit like
doing a jigsaw puzzle.
Well done, Peppa!
I'll glue those bits together.
-(GIGGLES)
-(SNORTS)
NARRATOR: George has also
found two pieces that fit.
-Well done, George!
-(GIGGLES)
Nearly finished...
That's the lid.
There's just this
funny-shaped bit left.
Where does that go?
(GIGGLES)
That's the teapot's handle,
Miss Rabbit!
Oh! So, it is!
I don't know
much about china teapots.
It's as good as new!
Be careful
not to smash it again.
Ho-ho, I am very good
at smashing things!
(ALL GASP)
ALL: Phew!
Well done, Peppa!
Thank you for mending
my teapot, Miss Rabbit.
No trouble, Mr. Bull.
(THUMPING)
Phew!
Look, boss! A pothole!
NARRATOR: There is
a small hole in the road.
And it's right outside
Miss Rabbit's shop.
What do you think, lads?
-Can we have a hole
outside Miss Rabbit's shop?
-BOTH: No!
You fixed my teapot.
I'll fix your road. (SNIFFS)
-Uh, it's not my road.
-PEPPA: Mr. Bull?
How are you
going to mend the hole?
We'll dig up the road!
(DRILLING)
NARRATOR: Mr. Bull is
digging up the road.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Mr. Bull likes
digging up the road.
Everybody likes digging up
the road!
(LAUGHTER)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: It is fruit day
at the supermarket.
-Look! It's Mr. Potato.
-Mrs. Carrot.
-Sweet Cranberry
and Little Sprout.
-(SQUEAKS)
(LAUGHTER)
ALL: ♪ Apple, orange, banana ♪
♪ Pear and pineapple, too ♪
♪ Eat five pieces
of fruit a day ♪
♪ Because they're good
for you ♪
(LAUGHTER)
Welcome to Fruit Day,
where the magic of fruit
never ends.
Wow! So much fruit!
-ALL: Hello, Peppa!
-Hello.
We are choosing
our favorite fruit.
What's your favorite?
Um, I like apples.
I like oranges.
I like bananas.
I like carrots.
-Carrots are not a fruit.
-Oh.
Carrots are a vegetable.
(TRUMPETS)
NARRATOR: Edmond is
a bit of a clever clogs.
What's your
favorite fruit, George?
Is it bananas?
EDMOND: Or oranges?
George likes
strawberries the best.
Duobry!
NARRATOR:
George loves strawberries.
Smoothies!
Get your fruit smoothies here!
(CHILDREN GIGGLE)
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
What's a fruit smoothie?
It's a drink made from fruit.
-Would you like one?
-Yes, please.
Can I have a smoothie
with apples?
OK, but smoothies can have
lots of different fruit
in them.
OK. Apples, raspberries,
bananas, and more apples!
An apple, raspberry, banana
and more apples smoothie!
Mmm! Dee-licious!
-Can I have a smoothie, please?
-Me, too!
-And me!
Of course.
What fruit would you like
in your smoothies?
-Uh, I don't know.
-It can be anything, Pedro.
OK. Cheese, please.
Pedro! Cheese isn't a fruit.
It has to be fruit
or vegetables.
OK. Raspberries and blueberries
and blackberries
and gooseberries.
That's more like it.
Raspberry, blueberry,
blackberry and gooseberry
smoothies for everyone!
ALL: Mmm! Lovely!
What do you want
in your smoothie, George?
Stowbry!
George, a smoothie must have
lots of fruit in it.
-How about strawberries
and pineapple, George?
-No.
Maybe George would like
some dinosaur juice.
Dinosaur juice?
Oh, yes. All dinosaurs like
dinosaur juice.
(GIGGLES) Dinosaur.
Let's see. A bit of this.
One of those.
A few of these.
Oh, some of that.
One dinosaur juice,
just for dinosaurs
and their little friends.
(GIGGLES) Dinosaur.
-Can I have some dinosaur juice,
please, Miss Rabbit?
-Me, too!
-And me.
-And me!
OK. Dinosaur juice for everyone!
Oh, bother.
What's wrong, Miss Rabbit?
-I've forgotten what I put
in the dinosaur juice.
-ALL: Oh.
I can tell you what was in it.
Really? How?
By smelling it.
NARRATOR: Freddie Fox has
a very good sense of smell.
(SNIFFS) Hmm...
-There's one banana...
-One banana.
(SNIFFS) Three...
No, four strawberries.
(SNIFFS) Five cherries.
Strawberries. Cherries.
One peach, half a pineapple,
a slice of melon...
(SNIFFS) And something else.
-What is it?
-A carrot?
Yes! A carrot.
ALL: Hooray!
Dinosaur juice for everyone.
ALL: Mmm! Grr!
Are you all
enjoying Fruit Day?
Yes! We love fruit!
-And carrots.
-(ALL LAUGH)
NARRATOR:
Everyone loves fruit.
And carrots.
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
have had a day out with Granny
and Grandpa Pig.
(SNORTS) Ice cream!
NARRATOR: It is Miss Rabbit's
ice cream stall.
-Let's stop for ice cream.
-Why not?
I think we deserve it!
(SNORTS)
-Hello there!
-Hello, Miss Rabbit.
-Four ice creams, please.
-Coming right up.
What flavors would you like?
Strawberry for me, please.
Chocolate for me, please.
Banana for me, please.
Dinosaur! Rrrr!
Oh! I don't think they have
dinosaur ice cream.
I think George
wants a dinosaur balloon.
Do you not want
an ice cream, George?
-No. Dinosaur.
-(DADDY PIG LAUGHS)
How much
is the little balloon?
-£10.
-£10?
It's all for a good cause.
There you go, George.
Hold it tight.
Don't let go.
NARRATOR: George has let go
of the balloon!
Agh!
Maybe I'll hold this
very valuable balloon
for the journey home.
NARRATOR: George loves
his dinosaur balloon.
Rrr-rrr! (GIGGLES)
Peppa and George have
arrived back at Granny
and Grandpa Pig's house.
-(BOTH GIGGLING)
-Rrrr!
(SNORTS) Hold it tight
this time, George.
Don't let go.
-Why?
-Oh, George.
(SNORTS) In the world,
there are two sorts
of balloons,
the up balloon
and the down balloon.
That is an up balloon.
(SNORTS) If you let it go,
it will go up and up and up,
all the way to the moon!
Moon! (WAILS)
Grandpa!
Oh!
Ahh! Got you.
Perhaps we should go indoors
before we lose
your balloon, George.
Your balloon
will be safe in here.
(SNORTS) Hello, Polly.
George has got a new balloon.
-Ark? Balloon?
-(BOTH GIGGLE)
GRANNY PIG: Don't you
pop it, Polly!
(SNORTS)
George loves his balloon.
(LAUGHS)
- Oh!
NARRATOR: George has let go
of his balloon again!
Don't worry, George.
It won't fly away,
because the roof is in the way.
Oh! It's gone through the door!
(SNORTS)
It's going up the stairs!
(GEORGE OINKS)
It's going into the attic!
- Don't worry! (SNORTS)
There's only one way
out of the attic,
and that is
through the roof window,
which is always
kept closed...
Oh, dear.
NARRATOR: The roof window
is not closed.
(SNORTS) Catch it, Grandpa!
I can't, Peppa.
It's in the sky.
George, your balloon
is going to the moon.
-You'll never see it again.
-(HORN HONKING)
NARRATOR: Daddy Pig has come
to take Peppa and George home.
(SNORTS) Hello!
Have you had a lovely time?
(WAILS)
Um, we bought George
a dinosaur balloon...
But George let it go,
and it's flying to the moon.
There must be some way
we can get it back.
- Ark! Balloon!
DADDY PIG: Look! Polly Parrot
is flying after the balloon!
Polly Parrot to the rescue!
PEPPA: Go, Polly, go!
NARRATOR: Polly Parrot
has rescued George's balloon.
(ALL CHEER)
Who's a clever Polly?
(SNORTS)
"Who's a clever Polly?"
(LAUGHTER)
George, don't let go
of your balloon again.
I know. We'll tie the string
to your wrist, George.
What a good idea!
(OINKS AND LAUGHS)
NARRATOR: George loves
his dinosaur balloon.
Everyone loves George's
dinosaur balloon.
(LAUGHTER)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Peppa Pig ♪
(SNORTING AND GIGGLING)
(SNORTING AND LAUGHING)